AGERPRES special correspondent Cristian Lupascu reports: A caravan of journalists from Romania, Moldova and Ukraine will be visiting for a week various public bodies in the three countries that have implemented investment projects on European funds under the 2007- 2013 Romania-Ukraine-Moldova Joint Operational Programme.	
									  The media representatives visited the Customs Service of the Republic of Moldova, which, in partnership with Romania's National Agency for Fiscal Administration (ANAF), has implemented a project worth 3.43 million lei. The Customs Authority of Moldova has established, with the funds provided by the European Union, a customs laboratory, which includes both a new structure complete with modern equipment for analysing petroleum products and foodstuffs, as well as two fully-equipped mobile vehicles.  The caravan of journalists also stopped at the University of Medicine and Pharmacy in Chisinau, which in its turn, together with the "Gr. T. Popa" University of Medicine and Pharmacy of Iasi and the National University of Medicine in Odessa has conducted a project called "Chronrx-RD Eastern European Excellence Network for Chronic Diseases."  The project is worth a total 1.58 million lei, and the University of Medicine and Pharmacy in Chisinau also used the money to establish a University Centre for Simulation in Medical Training, an organisation for the professional development of medical staff and students of medicine. The journalists from Romania, Moldova and Ukraine also made a trip to Soroca Fortress, which has been restored under a project called "Medieval Gems: Hhotyn, Soroca, Suceava Mejekss." Under the three-million-euro project, the Hotin Fortress, the Soroca Fortress and the Royal Court of Suceava were restored.  The overall objective of the 2007-2013 RomaniaUkraine-Moldova Joint Operational Program (JOP), designed for the Romanian counties of Suceava, Botosani, Iasi, Vaslui, Galati and Tulcea, the Odessa and Cernauti regions of Ukraine and all the districts of the Republic of Moldova, was improving the economic, social and environmental situation in the context of secure borders by intensifying contacts between partners on either side of the borders. The total budget of the programme was 126.7 million lei, of which 133 projects were financed. AGERPRES (RO  editor: Diana Dumitru; EN  author: Corneliu-Aurelian Colceriu, editor: Rodica State)